DOCSP-43829 - Disposable IMongoClient (#241)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/whats-new.txt

  This type is available in .NET 5 and later.
  To learn more about the ``Half`` type, see the
  `Half Struct <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.half?view=net-8.0>`__
  API reference page on MSDN.

> - The ``IMongoClient`` interface inherits the ``IDisposable`` interface. As a result, the

Author: Tech reviewer: I don't see this as a breaking change, but correct me if I'm wrong

Reviewer: Yes, this is not a breaking change.
We should mention that `Dispose` disposes the underlying cluster and  connections to the server.
Also this is an experimental feature, so we should document it as such.

  ``MongoClient`` class and other classes that implement the ``IMongoClient`` interface

>   contain a ``Dispose()`` method. To learn more about this interface and use of the
>   ``Dispose()`` method, see
>   `Dispose Pattern <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/dispose-pattern>`__
>   on MSDN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  contain a ``Dispose()`` method. To learn more about the ``IDisposable`` interface and how to use the
  ``Dispose()`` method, see
  `Dispose Pattern <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/dispose-pattern>`__
  on MSDN.
```
